(seagulls crying)
♪
- Cal: 'Morning.
- Hey.
I'm just gonna go
look at flights.
See when the next one leaves.
I don't think I want to go.
Your mother wouldn't have called
if it wasn't important.
I just don't think
I can do this right now.
He's your father. Cal.
You don't know
what he can be like. Maggie.
His schizophrenia
can get pretty bad.
What if I came with you?
You sure you want to do this?
We're a team now. remember?
Okay.
♪
Your pacing's just going to wear
a hole in the floor. Sully.
What is taking Frank so long?
The real estate office
only opened at 9:00.
Well. somebody over there
has to know something.
What did Maggie say?
Didn't tell her.
She slept at Cal's last night.
Really?
Well. good morning.
'Morning. Um--
- Oh. good.
- Sully?
Listen. I'm glad you're here.
I need to go to New York
with Cal.
It looks like his father
isn't doing too well.
- Edna: Oh. no.
- Ah.
Is it serious?
Prostate cancer.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I know I just got back.
but I feel like
I need to be there with him.
You take as much time
as you need.
Thank you.
I'll call when I get there.
Should we have told her
about the new luxury resort?
We don't know exactly
what's going on yet.
Edna:
You're probably right.
(sighing)
♪ Is this as good
as it's gonna get ♪
♪ I've given all I can give ♪
♪ But the rivers
still get wider. wider ♪
♪ We've been here all along ♪
♪ Through the valleys
we carry on ♪
♪ The journey
takes us higher. higher ♪
♪ This could be your home
if we try to build it ♪
♪ This could be your life
that's one in a million ♪
♪ All the hard times.
yeah. they were worth it ♪
♪ Time and time and time again ♪
♪ Oh. oh-whoa-whoa. hey
whoa-oh-whoa-oh ♪
♪ Oh-whoa-oh-whoa-oh ♪
♪ Time and time
and time again ♪
Sully:
And you'll let me know
if you hear
anything more about it?
- Man: Sure.
- Great.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Well?
Nobody seems to know anything
about who's behind
this new development.
You're back.
Frank:
Yeah.
So?
The realtor said
it was a private sale.
Wasn't even listed.
But did they say who bought it?
- Mm-hmm.
- And?
They said it was the same guy
that owns the golf course
on the other side of the lake.
You've got to be kidding me.
Glenn?
Looks that way.
I can't believe this.
That guy is a bad rash.
Come on. Frank.
Uh. where are you going?
I'm going to go see Glenn.
Are you sure that's a good idea?
Somebody's got to do something.
You with me. Frank?
Frank:
Right behind you. Sully.
You really want to do this.
Frank?
(loon crying)
(sighing)
Girl:
I don't understand.
- Why do you have to move to the farm?
- Young Cal: I told you. Sedona.
I want to go to a school
with real teachers.
But what about Sierra
and Dakota?
They're going to miss you.
You guys can always
come visit.
(zipper rasping)
Will you ever come back?
I don't know.
(crying)
I need to go.
I'm going to really miss you.
Cal.
I'm going to miss you. too.
(Sedona continues crying)
You just couldn't drop it.
could you. Glenn?
Sully. What a surprise.
I didn't realise you
and your friend were golfers.
We're not.
Yeah. I'm really sorry.
but the greens
are for paying players only.
I saw the sign.
We know that you bought
the land next to the Crossing.
Yeah. It was a great deal.
Is there a problem?
Cut the crap. Glenn.
You did this just to spite me.
Don't flatter yourself. Sully.
Like I told you before.
it's just business.
You couldn't build
somewhere else?
I really don't need
to explain myself to you.
So. if we're done here.
I got a game to get back to.
This is my livelihood
you're messing with. Glenn!
Sully--
Do I need to call security?
He's not worth it.
Don't let him get to you.
Come on. Let's go.
♪
I really appreciate you
driving us to the airport. Syd.
Oh. not a problem.
I'm happy to help.
Well. I know how busy
you probably are
looking at places with Rob.
I still can't believe
his landlord did that to him.
Yeah. It was a bit of a shock.
but we'll figure it out.
So.
you're finally going to meet
Cal's parents. huh?
That's a pretty big step.
Yeah. I just wish it was
under better circumstances.
You know. to be honest.
I'm a little nervous.
Why?
I want them to like me.
They're going to love you.
Maggie.
I hope you're right.
What about you?
Things going any better
with Rafe?
We still haven't really found
the time to be together.
I was supposed to hang out
with him yesterday.
but he got called in
to Search and Rescue.
Oh. yeah. No. I know.
I was there.
Really? He didn't mention it.
Probably 'cause the new chief
wouldn't let me help.
Wait. Why?
Not licensed in Canada.
and he didn't want me to be
a liability.
And that didn't bother you?
No point risking
another lawsuit.
I should finish packing.
'Morning. Edna.
I got a fresh pot of coffee
brewing.
Thank you.
Sully not around?
No. He's out with Frank. Why?
He seemed pretty upset yesterday
after birdwatching.
That sign you saw?
Turns out the development's
owned by a guy named Glenn.
and that's the same guy
who tried to buy the Crossing
out from under us
a couple of months ago.
Really?
I should have known
getting rid of him
wouldn't be that easy.
Ugh.
You okay?
Just a little bit of a headache.
Woke up at 3:00 a.m.
with another hot flash.
You really need to
talk to your doctor.
Okay. I'll make an appointment.
Oh. by the way.
that couple from Cabin 12
checked out this morning.
I'll help you with your bags
when you're ready.
Believe it or not.
that little cabin
is starting to grow on me.
I thought you said it needed
a lot of work.
I think that might be
part of its appeal.
Anyway. better get back to it.
Say hi to Sully for me.
Will do.
(door closing)
"Part of its appeal"?
(chuckling)
♪
Ready?
Let's just go
before I change my mind.
All right.
(zipper rasping)
Okay.
♪
Where have you been?
I was starting to worry.
Well. got nowhere
with Glenn.
so I went over to City Hall
to see if we can pull
his permits.
And?
It's all filed right.
So. there's nothing we can do
to stop this?
Doesn't look like it.
I'm not sure how we're gonna
compete with a place like that.
Well. we still have time
to think.
They're not going to be open
for a while.
(sighing)
I'm going to take a walk.
Sully?
You want some company?
No. I'm fine. Frank.
(sighing)
(phone ringing)
- Dad?
- Hey. bud.
Thought I'd call and check in.
See how things are going.
I love it here.
I made friends with a kid
named Max.
- Uh-huh?
- He showed me a video
of these robot waiters
they have in Japan.
Maybe you could do something
like that
at your new restaurant.
(chuckling)
That's a good idea.
but I think that's a little
outside our price range.
Is the diner going to be
finished when I get back?
Uh. things are taking
a little longer than I thought.
but. yeah. We'll be good.
Hey. how's it going
with you and Gram?
You two get along?
Yeah. She's awesome.
I miss you. bud.
Got to go. Dad.
Finn? Hey.
Right.
Hi. Edna.
Hey.
Just thought I'd stop by.
See how things are going.
Perfect timing.
Here. Try one of these for me.
- Tell me what you think.
- All right.
Mmm.
That's delicious.
Those are a lot of brownies.
This have anything to do with
that new development
Sully was telling me about?
Yeah.
Trying to keep my mind off it.
But I can't believe
that Glenn would do something
like this.
Glenn's behind this?
Yeah. We found out this morning.
So. what do we do now?
I don't think there's anything
we can do.
Business as usual.
at least for now.
And where's Sully?
He went for a walk.
Needed to clear his head.
Can you get me a baking soda
from the back?
- Sure.
- Merci.
Ah. Jacob! Tansi. Hello.
Hi. Edna.
How'd it go at the university?
I can't believe how big
their mycology department is.
Twice the size
of the one we have back home.
Are they treating you good?
Oh. yeah.
Everyone's being really nice
to me.
Good. Are you hungry?
I made some fresh brownies.
Thanks. but I try not to eat
too much sugar.
Well. I can make you
something else.
I'm good. Auntie. Thanks.
Well. hello again.
Hey.
Uh. Lola? You don't have to
worry about that.
I tidied that up this morning.
Oh.
But if do you want to help me.
you two can start unpacking
that new shipment of T-shirts
in the back.
I'd be happy to.
Lola:
Oh. that's okay.
I can do it myself.
I'm sure you've got other things
you can do.
Not really.
I'm done for the day.
so I'm all yours.
Okay.
Listen. About the other night--
Don't worry about it.
It could have happened
to anyone.
I know.
but I feel really bad about it.
and I ruined your shirt.
So. can you please
just let me buy you a new one
so I can make it up to you?
It's just a shirt.
It's really okay.
But. uh. I haven't had a chance
to do any sightseeing
around Nova Scotia yet.
Oh.
Here you go.
What's this?
A visitor's map.
I was kind of thinking
you could show me around.
Oh.
You did say you wanted to
make it up to me. right?
Right.
Great.
Let's finish folding
this box of T-shirts
and head out.
♪
I've never been to Woodstock
before.
Doesn't look anything
like I thought it would.
What were you expecting.
beatniks and hippies?
Yeah. actually.
(laughing)
Hasn't been that way around here
in a long time.
So. how come your parents
don't live in
the old school bus anymore?
Well. my mom convinced my dad
to move to
my grandparents' farm
after my grandfather died.
So. they're farmers now?
No. They just live there.
They lease the land
to local farmers.
When was the last time
you saw them?
Not since Lynne passed away.
Why not?
I was never that close
with my father.
He was too unpredictable.
To be honest. I just hope
he doesn't answer the door
wearing a tinfoil hat.
Well. even if he does.
you don't have anything
to be embarrassed about.
I'll be fine.
Well. can't say
I didn't warn you.
Great minds think alike.
Thought you'd be writing
the great Canadian novel.
Writer's block.
I needed a break.
How are you doing?
Edna told me all about
what's going on with Glenn.
Yeah. He's a problem.
I don't know
how his development's
going to affect the business.
Any idea
of what you might do?
No clue.
Well. looks like we're both
kind of stuck. then.
I guess so.
You want to get out of here?
You feel like
a change of scenery?
You know.
I was thinking of heading over
to the Halifax boardwalk.
if you feel like joining me.
You know what?
Why not?
(chuckling)
(tires grinding on gravel)
(sighing)
Hey.
It's going to be okay.
Just try to remember to breathe. okay?
Cal:
Let's go.
Marissa. they're here!
Glad you made it.
Welcome home. son.
Hi. Dad.
And this must be Maggie.
Sedona's told us so much
about you.
Ah. Nice to meet you. Mr. Jones.
It's Jed. Please.
It's nice to meet you.
Jed?
The doctor said take it easy.
California!
Oh. I can't believe
you're finally here.
Hey. Mom.
I was so excited
to hear you were coming.
Please come in.
I was just getting
some tea and cake ready.
- Come.
- Come on in.
- Jed: After you.
- Maggie: Thank you.
It's beautiful.
♪
So. Edna said that you're here
to do some research?
Yeah.
I'm doing my thesis on lichen.
What's that?
It's made up of two organisms
that live together
symbiotically.
An algae and a fungus.
I find it fascinating because
it doesn't have any roots.
It just pulls its nutrients
directly from the air.
and I'm exploring
how it might be used
as a natural air filter
to help the environment.
Sorry.
I can get a little carried away.
I forget not everyone's
as interested in this as I am.
I think it's really nice
to hear someone
so passionate about their work.
Well. what about you?
What do you do?
I'm doing my internship
for my social work degree.
I want to help troubled teens.
So. I guess we're both trying
to make a difference
in the world.
(seagulls crying)
Yeah. I guess so.
You want to take a ride
on the Bluenose with me?
Sure.
Yeah? All right.
Maggie:
That was delicious.
My peach cake
was always Cal's favourite.
Marissa is a great baker.
We took one of her cherry pies
to the neighbours'
for game night.
and they couldn't stop talking
about it.
Game night?
Well. it was your mother's idea.
It's good to get your father
out of the house
every once in a while.
You look great. California.
I can see the fresh air
agrees with you.
Uh. thanks.
I like "Cal." Remember. Dad?
I don't really--
I still don't understand
why you'd want to change
a perfectly good name.
Uh. so Cal was named
on one of our road trips
to California.
Marissa. she went into labour.
We couldn't make it
to the hospital in time.
She had to have him right there
on the side of the road.
Marissa:
I will never forget that day.
Jed:
Yeah.
So. how is Sedona doing?
Very well. thanks to you.
We were hoping she could come.
but her husband's out of town.
She couldn't find any help
for the kids.
So. maybe next time.
Sedona tells us
that you're a neurosurgeon.
Yeah. I'm helping my father
run his campground now. though.
It's a little less hectic.
and needed a change of pace.
Well. makes sense.
I mean. who needs
all that stress in their life?
That was one of the reasons
that I was against Cal
going to law school.
but he wouldn't listen to me.
Anyway. I'm just glad that
he finally came to his senses.
Can we talk about
something else?
Please?
Will Sierra and Dakota join us?
Oh. Unfortunately.
they couldn't make it.
See. Cal's brother.
he's in the army.
and his little sister Sierra.
she is a chip off the old block.
She loves to travel.
She's just always on
some sort of adventure.
Maggie.
can I get you another slice?
No. I'm good. thank you.
Jed. you haven't touched yours.
Oh. I'm not hungry.
Well. remember the doctor said
you have to keep your weight on.
You know your mother.
Just worries too much about me.
Well. what are the doctors
saying. anyway?
We don't need to talk about
that kind of stuff right now.
do we?
I mean. Maggie.
she just got here.
I would kind of like
to show her around.
What do you say. Maggie? Yeah?
Uh. yeah. That'd be nice.
That's great.
Okay.
No. no. Leave those. please.
Cal and I will finish up.
Okay. You sure I can't help?
It's good. Go ahead.
Come on. Follow me.
Let's take a little walk.
I want to show you
one of Cal's favourite places.
(cutlery clattering)
Sully:
You were right. This is nice.
Haven't been down here
in a while.
Why not?
I just always thought
it was a place for couples.
you know?
Well. I suppose it is romantic.
Hey. What is that?
Washer toss.
Looks fun.
Show me how to play?
- Okay.
- All right.
All right.
So. you want to throw the washer
into the box.
Three points
if it goes in the pipe.
one point if it goes in the box.
Okay. Seems simple enough.
It's not as easy as it looks.
but give it a try.
Okay.
It's all in the wrist.
Like this.
Helen:
Ah. So close.
Not bad! Not bad.
All right. How about we make
this a little more interesting?
Huh? What were you thinking?
Five bucks for every one
that goes in the pipe.
Ah.
I don't want to take your money.
Uh. who says
you're going to win?
All right. If you insist.
- All right.
- Be my guest.
- Nice! (chuckling)
- Oh.
Anyway. Cal tells me
that you lease out your land?
Yeah.
The farmers get a place
to grow their crops.
and Marissa and I
don't have to worry about
maintaining the land.
Mm-hmm.
So. yeah. It works for everyone.
What do they grow out here?
Everything from strawberries
to corn. It's all organic.
You won't find any chemicals
or GMOs here. so--
My dad is all about
protecting the land. too.
Yeah.
Sounds like your father and I
are cut from the same cloth.
Yeah. It does.
Anyways.
when I was a little girl.
he used take me to a farm
near our house
and we'd collect eggs.
I used to love feeding
the chickens.
Yeah? Well. here you go.
Cal used to love it here
as a teenager.
He told me. Thank you.
(clucking)
What else did he say
about his childhood?
Uh...
...just that
it was unconventional
and he used to live in
a converted school bus.
Yeah.
Those were happy times.
I miss them.
Marissa and I. we thought
it was important for the kids
to experience life first-hand.
Didn't want them
to just read about it in books.
I look around the world today.
and all those people
with their face
just buried in a screen.
Hardly spend any time outdoors
anymore.
That was what I missed most
when I moved to Boston.
That connection with. you know. nature.
Jed:
Yeah.
That was one of the reasons
that I went back home
to Nova Scotia.
I can see why Cal
likes you so much.
I like him a lot. too.
Yeah.
Looks like. uh.
the balloon festival's in town.
Ah.
Have you ever been?
Once. a long time ago.
It was incredible.
I took Marissa a few years back.
I think that was the last real
adventure we had together...
...before my diagnosis.
Dad seems to be doing well.
Well. knowing you were coming
really helped lift his spirits.
Game night with the neighbours?
Since when is he okay with that?
Oh. Well. since he started
taking his antipsychotics.
He finally agreed
to get on the meds?
Mm-hmm.
How'd you get him to do that?
I threatened to leave him.
It was the only way
to convince him
to go for treatment.
Mom...
...I don't understand.
Why would he change his mind
now.
after all these years?
I don't want to talk about this.
Cal.
I was hoping for
a really nice visit.
I'm going to go make up
the guest room.
Mom?
- Sully: Not again!
- Helen: Ha-ha-ha.
All right. Let's see. One. two--
That'll be $25. Mr. Sullivan.
You sure you haven't played
this game before?
Nope. Must be beginner's luck.
Yeah? I feel like
I'm getting hustled.
Okay. Maybe I have played
once or twice.
Ah. I knew it.
Well. it seems like
you're feeling better.
I am. I am. yeah.
So. thanks for taking my mind
off things.
My pleasure.
How about I buy us
some ice cream with my winnings?
I'd love that.
♪
I know being here
isn't easy for you. Cal.
What did Sierra and Dakota
really say when you called them?
(sighing)
I couldn't reach Sierra.
and your brother wouldn't come.
Can you blame him?
(exhaling sharply)
And why won't Dad talk to me
about what's going on?
You know how he feels
about discussing his health.
Maggie's a doctor.
Maybe she could help.
I know. but it's difficult
for your father.
He's a private person.
He always has been.
Okay. So. I ask you.
What's going on?
Jed:
I. uh. hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
Cal and I are just catching up.
Hey. I'm glad you're back.
It's almost time for your pills.
Uh. if it's okay. I think
I'm going to lay down a bit.
Yeah. I'll come with you.
How was the tour?
It was nice.
It's funny. He actually
reminds me a lot of Sully.
My father is nothing
like Sully.
You wouldn't understand.
I don't think I can do this.
Lola was looking for you.
Where is she now?
Showing Jacob around Lunenburg.
Oh.
You were gone a while.
Yeah. I took Helen to Halifax.
Really?
Yeah. I needed a distraction
from this Glenn thing.
And did she help distract you?
She asked me to take her.
What was I supposed to do?
Say no?
If you're done.
I'm going to head home
and make some dinner.
Mm-hmm.
See you tomorrow.
I knew this trip was a bad idea.
Being here. you know?
It just opens it all back up.
It's like I never left.
I know. but
I'd give it some time.
All right. You're right.
You're right. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have snapped.
I just--
Being around my dad
puts me on edge. you know?
I know how hard coming home
can be.
Marissa:
Knock-knock.
I got your father settled.
Um. is there anything you need?
We're good. Thanks. Mom.
I thought I would make us all
a nice dinner tonight.
Um. Maggie.
maybe if you want to join me
in the kitchen?
Keep me company
while I get it started?
I'd be happy to.
You coming?
I'll be down in a little bit.
Okay.
Realtor:
I saved the best for last.
You're really going to
fall in love with this place
when you see it.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Oh.
You need to try and picture
what it's going to look like
renovated.
There's a large area for dining
and a functional kitchen
in the back.
Is that a leak?
Nothing a good contractor
can't fix.
(sighing)
How much was the rent again?
Everything but the utilities
are included.
It's way above my price range.
Listen. I have a couple
other places opening up
in the next few months.
but they're all going to be
around the same price.
Mm-hmm.
Um. yeah. Thanks.
I appreciate your time.
but I don't think
this is going to work out.
Rob. where are you going?
Sorry. He's--
Rob?
Thanks for today.
I had a lot of fun.
Me. too.
Do you think I could get
your number?
Yeah. I guess so.
(clearing throat)
So. I'll call you later?
Okay.
Thanks again.
You have fun in Lunenburg?
Yeah. I did.
Jacob's
a pretty interesting guy.
I was hoping you'd hit it off.
Is Sully around?
No. He's gone home.
and it's a good thing
you didn't wait around for him.
Turns out he went to Halifax
with Helen.
Who's Helen?
She's that guest
I told you about.
the one he took birdwatching.
Seems like you're not the only
one to make a new friend.
♪
Ma.
how about you let me
do the dishes?
Hey. Why don't you go sit
on the front porch
with your father instead?
Uh--
Oh. he was really
looking forward to
spending some time with you.
Cal.
Okay.
Everything was delicious.
Thank you.
Love to cook. (chuckling)
But I didn't get to do
a whole lot of it
on a camp stove.
Mm-hmm.
Cal seemed pretty quiet
at dinner tonight.
I'm sure he was just tired
from the drive up.
Yeah. I guess so.
I'm going to go finish
clearing the table.
It's nice being together again
like this. isn't it?
Your Maggie. she's a good egg.
Yep.
Jed: When I was out
showing her around.
we started talking.
and I got to thinking about
the old school bus
and all those adventures
we used to have.
(chuckling)
You still remember them. right?
- Hard to forget.
- Yeah.
I miss those days.
when we were
one big happy family.
Is that what you think?
That we were happy?
Well. I know we had
our ups and downs. Cal.
but what family doesn't?
I think you're downplaying it
a little bit. don't you?
What do you mean?
Why do you think we all left.
Dad?
I don't understand.
Why'd Dakota join the army
as soon as they would take him?
Why is Sierra always travelling?
Why do you think that is?
Because we all wanted to get
as far away from you
as possible.
(door opening)
Cal. that's enough!
Jed:
It's fine. Marissa.
How can you speak to
your father like that?
Jed... you okay?
Hey.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to talk to him.
Used to love coming in here
to think when I was a kid.
Did you know that
a horse's heart
is five times bigger than ours?
And that
their electromagnetic field
can lower blood pressure
and increase endorphins
in the brain?
I didn't know that.
I can't believe my dad's finally
taking his antipsychotics.
But that's a good thing.
isn't it?
Yeah. it is. It just--
I don't understand
why he didn't do it
when I needed him to. You know?
You don't know
what it was like
growing up with him.
Never knowing
who you were going to get.
Never being able to rely on him.
No. I get it.
I spent years blaming Sully
for never being there
for me. either.
Sully didn't have a choice.
Your mother took you away
from him.
Schizophrenia
isn't a choice. either. Cal.
I know that. Maggie.
but taking his medication was...
...and he didn't.
♪
We're going to figure
this out. Rob.
You just need to stay positive.
Look. We've looked at
every option out there.
There's nothing available.
We're out of options.
I'm out of money.
I need to start making
some decisions. okay?
- What sort of decisions?
- I need to look for a job.
So. you're just going to give up
on finding a place?
Rob:
We looked.
There's nothing out there.
I can't keep doing this.
Rob!
(knocking on door)
Lola:
Sully?
In the kitchen.
Hey.
Good to see you.
I went to the Outpost earlier
to find you.
but you weren't there.
Oh. Sorry I missed you.
I'm making dinner.
You want some?
Yeah. sure. Thanks.
Okay.
Lola:
So. I heard
you took one of the guests
to Halifax today.
Yeah. Helen Culver.
She's an author.
Came here to finish her book.
Okay.
And is this the same guest
that you took birdwatching
the other day?
What are you getting at?
Nothing.
I think it's nice for you
to have someone to talk to.
She's just a guest.
This hers?
Yeah.
She's pretty.
Yeah? Is that right?
I hadn't really noticed.
You going to sit there.
or you going to give me a hand
setting the table?
Yeah.
♪
Would you mind giving us
a minute?
Of course.
I know things
haven't always been good
between you and your father.
but you didn't have to say
those things to him.
But it's the truth.
Marissa:
He's sick.
I don't want him getting upset.
It's not good for him.
You've been making excuses
for him my entire life.
Why can't you ever see anything
from my perspective?
I don't understand
where all this is coming from.
Maggie:
Cal. Marissa!
I need your help. It's Jed!
Maggie?
Marissa:
Oh. my God.
- Jed?
- What happened?
We were just sitting here
talking. and he fainted.
Jed. can you hear me?
I need you to wait a minute
or two before you get up.
I don't want you fainting again.
Do I need to call an ambulance?
No. I'm good. I'm good.
I'm good.
I just got a little light-headed
there for a second.
Marissa:
Are you sure?
Jed:
Yeah. Yeah.
His pulse is fine.
so I think he'll be okay.
Can you grab him
a glass of water. please?
Yes.
And some pillows
to put under his legs
- to elevate his feet?
- Okay.
This ever happen to you before?
No. no. But I have been
a little dizzy lately.
We should get you something
to eat.
Oh.
You might be
a little hypoglycemic.
- Here you go.
- What's that?
Low blood sugar.
Thank you.
Jed:
Thanks. Okay.
I told you
you weren't eating enough.
that you should listen to
your doctor
when he told you
to take it easy.
Jed:
I was excited to see my son.
Maggie:
You feeling better now?
Jed:
Yeah. A bit.
Is he going to be okay?
Yeah. I think so.
I mean.
I think it would be a good idea
to schedule an appointment
with your doctor
to get a better sense
of what's going on.
You scared me. Jed.
I know.
and I'm sorry.
You have to tell him.
We discussed this.
Tell me what?
Nothing.
He needs to know. Jed.
What are you talking about?
Marissa: I can't hide it
from him anymore.
He needs to know the truth. Jed.
You promised that
you would let me do this my way.
All right. What's going on?
What aren't you telling me?
- Maybe I should go.
- No.
No. Just stay here. It's fine.
It's okay.
The cancer...
...it's spread to my pancreas.
It's terminal.
♪ One last time... ♪
I'm so sorry. Cal.
♪ This hurt won't heal ♪
♪ All covered up ♪
♪ It's never easy to feel ♪
♪ So fragile. love ♪
♪ When the wind turns cold ♪
♪ The sun hides ♪
♪ Just beyond my soul ♪